Update supported languages for SCI serverless. (#15852)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/configuration/_index.md

## Link errors to your source code

> <div class="alert alert-info">This feature is currently supported for Go, Java, Python and Node.js.</div>

Reviewer: Small suggestion to be consistent with [SCI docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=github) and remove any ambiguity regarding typescript
```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">This feature is currently supported for Go, Java, Python and JavaScript.</div>
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">This feature is currently supported for Go, Java, Python and JavaScript.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">This feature is currently supported for Go, Java, Python, and JavaScript.</div>
```
